Please read this first..!

End User License Agreement
End User License Agreement (EULA) OMOTU Studio
This license agreement is a legally binding contract between you, the licensee, and OMOTU Studio (Ibnu Utomo). By downloading, installing and/or using this font software, you
acknowledge that you understand this license agreement and promise to comply with its terms.
If you do not accept the terms, please do not complete the purchase transaction or installing
the font.

1. License & Usage rights
Upon downloading the Font, you are granted the non-exclusive and non-transferable right to
use the font software on any number of computers within your organization. By default, each
OMOTU Studio Typeface has no restrictions to the number of workstations (CPUs) in any
number of locations.
The number of output devices (Laser/Color/Inkjet Printers) is not restricted, provided that these
devices do not store the font software permanently.

2.1 Copyright
Typeface design and font software – including all updates, expansions, modified versions and
working copies – are intellectual property of and are owned by OMOTU Studio (Ibnu Utomo). You agree that typeface design and font software are protected by International
copyright, design patent and trademark laws. All rights reserved unless expressly granted in this
agreement.
For your own use and within the conditions granted in this agreement, you are allowed to make
a backup copy of the font software, documentation and license agreement.
You are not authorized to distribute the font software in any way, whether by selling, lending,
donating or otherwise.

2.2 No Transfer of Rights.
You shall not sell, lease, sublicense, allow to use, or otherwise assign or transfer any of your
rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any person or entity.
Without limiting the foregoing, Typefaces licensed for use by a specific publication shall not be
transferred to or used by other publications owned or managed by a common corporate
parent, and/or affiliated with the specific publication to which this license has been granted,
without the purchase of an additional license from OMOTU Studio.
A transfer of the license you were granted requires a written permission by OMOTU Studio;
upon transfer of your license, you must delete the font software and all copies thereof.

3. Printing
We recommend that you provide your service bureau with a Workflow PDF file with the font
software embedded.


4.1 Embedding in Workflow PDFs
OMOTU Studio grants you a limited license to embed the Font in Embedded Documents in
the PDF format (“Workflow PDFs”). OMOTU Studio also grants you the right to circulate
these PDF documents on the World Wide Web.

4.2 Embedding in Flash Files
OMOTU Studio grants you a limited license to create and circulate Embedded Documents in
the SWF format (“Flash Files”) including the Free Font.

4.3 Embedding in commercial products
OMOTU Studio grants you a limited license to embed the Font software in commercial
products (Examples: eBooks, games, DVDs or any other Software.).

4.4 Embedding for web
You may use the Font software in websites in any time on any website. You are allowed to
use the Font software for web font linking via @font-face. For this purpose, OMOTU Studio is
working on offering a reliable good quality special web fonts license possibilities in the near
future.
Please note that you are allowed to do format conversion of the Font yourself (to web formats
such as .woff format and .eot format), but only at your own risk! OMOTU Studio will not be
liable to any loss of kerning-pairs, loss of OpenType features or any other modifications or
alterations resulting from your own font conversion. Din Studio does NOT grant you the
right to open the outline data in font modification software and re-generate those files under
any name or circumstances.

5. Modification
Any modification of the font software, including conversion into other formats, requires written
permission by OMOTU Studio. If permission was granted, the copyright for modified font
software remains with Din Studio, and modified font software too is subject to the
terms of this license agreement. Thus, modified font software must not be distributed in any
way.

6. Warranty and limitation of liability
OMOTU Studio has done everything to produce high quality OpenType fonts. Minimum
system requirement is Mac OSX or Windows 7/Vista/XP/2000. Please note that not all systems
or applications support OpenType features and kerning at all or equally well.
If you do experience any difficulties with our font software, please contact us, and we will do
our best to resolve any issues. If this should not be possible, we will be pleased to refund your
money, which shall be the limit of our liability in this transaction.
Except for this warranty granted, there is no warranty for performance or results obtained by
using the font software. OMOTU Studio will not be liable for any damages, claims or costs
whatsoever or any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, business
interruption, nor for lost profits, savings or business information, arising out of any use of, or
inability to use, the font software.

7. Final provisions
If you breach any term of this agreement, OMOTU Studio will immediately terminate the
license and right of use. In the event of termination, you must delete the font software and all
copies thereof.
Should individual terms of this contract become invalid or unenforceable, all others will remain
in full force and effect.

Link to purchase full version and commercial license:
https://www.creativefabrica.com/designer/omotu/ref/144864/

FOR EXTENDED LICENSE PLEASE CONTACT: Ibnu.blawong2@gmail.com

Thanks for looking, and I hope you enjoy it! Please don't hesitate to drop me a message if you have any issues or queries.

Ibnu Utomo
Bekasi – West Java
Indonesia
Ibnu.blawong2@gmail.com